To start things off let's work on our setup essentially let's create our Flex box sandbox where we can
practice flex box properties while the video is not going to be long.
If you don't feel like working on a setup.
Feel free to skip it altogether and just download the files from the video resources.
So let's start by creating a folder.
I'm going to do that in desktop so always you can do it wherever you'd like.
I'm going to rename it to be legs box to trial something like that.
Now once I have my folder I'm going to head over to my favorite text editor which is ladies and gentlemen.
Visual Studio code and then of course I'm gonna drag and drop that folder in the Visual Studio code
all right now within the Visual Studio code let's create index each demo index and them all file.
Let's also right away create our HDMI skeleton.
And again I'm using in fact Emmett that comes with Visual Studio code.
So again I just get an exclamation mark and I'm done as well as I would like to have a new file by the
name of Stiles CSX.
Now that's number one.
Then let's open up a new browser window like so when I said it side by side.
Now you don't have to.
You can keep yours once.
Pretty much separate and just use the bigger one but I'm gonna use two of them when I have a smaller
one side by side all the time with lectures and the bigger one when let's say we would like to take
a closer look at how some kind of see assess or flex box properly looks on a bigger browser window all
right now as far as index age the amount is concerned.
What do we would like to do.
Well I have my documents so why don't we rename it and let's say legs box tutorial like so then after
the title we're gonna set up right away link because I would like to link to stars.
SS So lets go with link and let's look for styles.
SS Right now I also like to serve the style tax and you'll see in a second why not.
For now I'm just gonna leave them blank.
But in the second you'll see why we're doing the work now within the body.
This is what we're going to do.
I'm gonna set up a container with few boxes.
No there's multiple ways how we can do that but I'm gonna go right away with Emmett where I'm gonna
say that there's gonna be let's say div with class of box then since I'm gonna create multiple of them
I'm going to say that each and every day is going to have box then hyphen and then I'm going to look
for the dollars.
And then within that particular div most are gonna place a dollar sign as well.
And I would like to multiply that all by five and you'll see in a second how it's going to look like
by the way as you can see the suggestion right away it gives us and then this is what I have.
And like I said we could have created this of course by writing manually box and then box number 1 but
it's also need to use the Flex boxer.
Now I'm gonna place all these boxes within the container so there's going to be a container and let's
just move this particular div all the way to the bottom.
So now I have my container and then I have my boxes and you'll see in second why we're doing that.
But at the moment right now I would like to in fact open up my life server and I have multiple extensions
that can do that.
Remember we have the live server where we had the V.S. code preview server.
So I'm going to go with the second one and there you go.
These are my boxes and again just to head over back to my extensions just to show you that if I had
0 2 extensions I have two of them that use in fact life server.
So I have preview on a web server and life server at the moment I'm using the second one the preview
on a web server.
But of course it's really up to you which one you choose to use.
All right.
Now let's close the sidebar for a second.
Then I have my boxes I have my style see ISIS not looks all good.
So now I can close the indexation email as well as the welcome and let's just work in styles.
Yes.
So as far as style C assess let's just add some basic styles.
So let's start with the body.
And I'm going to go with one family and I'm going to set it up as a verb Donna.
Then let's add a little bit of background.
Let's go with background hashtag EF 3 EF 3 of 3.
So essentially it's a red color name then for a container.
I'm gonna add some water just so we can see how few legs box properties or maybe how all flex blocks
properties essentially act is just gonna give us a good idea how our boxes are behaving within our container.
OK.
Now I'm going to set it up as more five pixels solid red and like so as you can see that is my container.
And these are my boxes.
Then let's create some styles for all the boxes.
And remember we can nervously do that because we do have our indexation email and within the indexation
email each and every day of has this box class.
So when I'm applying styles for this box less well all of them all the boxes are gonna have those styles.
However there's gonna be some specific styles more specifically colours that are gonna be applied only
to a specific box.
Right now within the style C assessed.
Like I said Let's select all the boxes and that's number one.
Well let's go with padding 30 pixels then we're gonna set up some text line next on line let's say center.
Then also why don't we increase the font size font size and we're gonna go with 35 pixels.
And lastly the color is going to be the same one as for the body.
Now that was again hashtag EF 3 EF 3 EF 3 OK.
Like so now currently we can of course see anything.
We have a giant numbers there but since they are the same color as the background while we cannot see
it.
So that's the time when we're going to add some background colors as well.
So let's start with box number one box number one and the color is going to be followed.
So we're gonna set up a background property and here let's go with hashtag.
5 8 then 1 and we have f 1 8.
OK.
Something like that.
That's my box number one and what I'm going to do right now is in fact copy and paste it.
So 1 2 3 4.
Like so this should be five boxes.
Let's just change these values here.
So it's going to be box number two.
This one is three and one is already four and then we have the five.
And the only thing really that we need to do is in fact change these values for the X colors.
Let's go with f 0 a two or two.
So our yellow color let's say it then third one is the orange one so these nine five D five D and three
nine.
Okay that's our orange color.
Then we have blue and green as far as blue is concerned 2 0 2 see.
Five.
Nine.
So.
And then lastly like I said Green.
And we're gonna go with five one C B 20 and that's it.
We're essentially done with our setup and rest of the work.
In fact as we're working with the flux box and we're gonna do within style tax.
And even though normally you're not going to do that of course all your ships.
This is going to be let's say in one file or you're going to set up separate them in separate C Ss forms.
The only reason why we're going to do it this way is very simple where I would like to separate the
concerns where I would like to write all the C S as properties or I'm sorry hold the Flex blocks properties
in a separate place so that way you're not confused Hey listen you know we have these styles and then
we have some other flexible styles.
Plus I don't have to switch screens so essentially we're gonna have a C Ss on the top and then all our
HDMI on the bottom.
Now there might be some cases where I'm going to switch back to style C Asus but most of the work and
most of the styles as far as flex box is concerned we're going to write within these style attacks.
That said guys congrats we're done with our setup.